hey guys bow HD here and stay I want to
do something a little bit new and talk
about apple samsung and motorola all in
one video starting with the all new
samsung level headphones now if you guys
follow me on Google+ you might remember
my post about samsung's new professional
headphones and boy do they look sexy now
Samsung tomorrow recently wrote an
article on their website detailing 7
features of the Samsung level headphones
what's cool about these headphones is
that they have 50 millimeter bio
cellulose drivers equipped with
neodymium magnets which are thirty
percent stronger than regular magnets
and thus can send these sound from the
source with little delay producing a
much clearer and sharper sound it's also
different about these headphones is that
they have active noise cancellation
technology with a specially designed
equalizer circuit to maintain the
original sound of the audio you're
playing even when the active noise
cancellation is activated and since
these headphones are specialized for
mobile devices the level headphones not
only accept phone calls but they also
feature a noise reduction and echo
cancellation feature that isolates the
ambient noise on the person's side
that's presenting the caller's voice to
echo so it sounds like phone calls will
be crystal clear along with text
messages since these headphones have a
text-to-speech voice guidance service
that informs the user on the arrival of
text messages along with incoming alarms
and other notifications on top of all
that these headphones have NFC to pair
with your smartphone and they have touch
controls on the side to control your
music playback so I'm really pumped for
these headphones they seem to packed a
ton of high quality components and
features I just hope they don't end up
costing a fortune even though I feel
like they probably will now just within
the last several days we got some all
new info about the Moto 360 the premium
rounded SmartWatch by Motorola that runs
Google's all new android wear software
designed specifically for smartwatches
now the Moto 360 is easily the most
premium and high quality SmartWatch
announced to date which is why has
become so incredibly popular but what we
didn't know up until now was how much it
was going to cost because the price is
very important especially for a product
that has yet to convince the consumer
that it is necessary I mean wearable
tech has not really exactly caught on
but the latest report says that the Moto
360 will cost right around two hundred
and forty nine dollars which is less
than the Samsung Galaxy gear 2 and about
the same price as the pebble steel
Motorola has taken to Google+ to clear
up the
rumours by saying the listed price is
for tax purposes only and that the 249
dollar price tag might not be the actual
price but they didn't reveal how the
pricing would change which makes me
believe that this might actually be the
official price tag now the last story
worth talking about has to do with apple
and liquid metal according to recent
reports Apple and the company liquid
metal have entered a deal to extend an
exclusive license to use the exotic
metal and consumer products to the
februari of 2015 now up until now
Apple's only use liquid metals special
alloy to make its sim card ejector tools
but it's very possible that is about to
change in 2012 the inventor and CEO of
liquid metals that Apple was two to four
years away from mass producing this
high-quality alloy for large scale
projects that may include it being used
as a main material for the iPhone and
iPad what's cool about this liquid metal
is that it is an amorphous
non-crystalline material that is 2.5
times stronger than titanium alloy and
1.5 times harder than stainless steel
found in many portable electronic
devices so if Apple uses this technology
and their upcoming devices it looks like
they're well designed quality devices
will only get better but out of those
three tech news stories i talked about
let me know which device you were
looking forward to the most is it the
samsung level headphones the Moto 360
SmartWatch or is it an upcoming device
made by Apple that uses the all-new
liquid metal alloy let me know your
thoughts are believing me a comment
right down below and if you guys are new
to my channel it so forget to hit that
little subscribe button right down here
so you can state the date with Alma
latest tech news and reviews but with
that said that is going to about do for
this video guys if you haven't seen my
full review of the Moto e budget
smartphone you can check that out right
here or we can enter my Nexus 5 giveaway
for your chance to win either a red
black or white Nexus 5 but as always
guys I'm bow HD from how to and more
thanks for watching